nixos/doc/rl-2211: more cleanup (#203774)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2211.section.md

> # Release 22.11 (“Raccoon”, 2022.11/??) {#sec-release-22.11}

Reviewer: Actually, we should probably change this too :)

```suggestion
# Release 22.11 (“Raccoon”, 2022.11/30) {#sec-release-22.11}
```

Reviewer: Oh, I see this will be done in https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/pull/203735, sorry for the noise; ignore me x)

- Haskell `ghcWithPackages` is now up to 15 times faster to evaluate, thanks to changing `lib.closePropagation` from a quadratic to linear complexity. Please see backward incompatibilities notes below. <https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/pull/194391>

> - For cross-compilation targets that can also run on the building machine, we also enabled running tests now. This is for example the case for the pkgsStatic and pkgsLLVM package sets or i686 packages on `x86_64` machine.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- For cross-compilation targets that can also run on the building machine, we now run tests. This, for example, is the case for the `pkgsStatic` and `pkgsLLVM` package sets or i686 packages on x86_64 machines.
```

Author: Applied.
